# Random Users List app

## About
It's just a simple app that list random users generated by [Random User Generator API](https://randomuser.me/documentation) in a grid. It has pagination and support for tablets.

## Implementation
I have used an MVP architecture separated into three different modules, although there is not a 1 -1 mapping between them. The Presenter and the View can be found in the app module. It could be separated into two other modules when, for example, we have a wereable module and we want to share the same presenters which is not the case here. In the domain module, defined as a library, we can find the Model and all the business logic which is accessible through the Interactors. These classes are similar to services in other kind of projects (like web applications). Lastly, there is the data module which is an Android library that acts as an interface between the application and the data source.

So, basically we have two kind of layers separation. Firstly, there is the one provided by the mpv architecture, which allows me to isolate the logic from how the data is presented. This way, the application is more decoupled which make it easier to change only one of the layer without impacting the others. It also makes it easier to make unit testing. With just JUnit and Mockito we can test the logic and the presentation layer easily, without having to use Robolectric or Instrumentation.

The separation between modules is not a requirement in the MVP architecture, although it’s good to have if we want to reuse code. Another example, other than the one about wereables that I’ve mentioned in the first paragraph, is having a different application that shares the same model, business logic and data source.

I'm also using Dagger as a dependency injector with just one scope.